# CS-Senior-DSGN-1

LogLock is software used for logging purposes. Imagine you are a teacher and want to take attendance for the entire classroom. Currently, at the University of Cincinnati, you would have to make a quiz or assignment, and having to set up a quiz or assignment for every single time you want to get the attendance of the class could be tedious. Instead, our software, LogLock makes it so that the teacher runs the program, and the students go to the website provided by the teacher and put in their name and student ID. This way, there is no need to go through the hassle of making an assignment just to take attendance.

The software architecture is an essential application in which the users input their username into the website that is shared by the instructor. The instructor runs the program, and when the students go to the website and enter their names, it saves that information into some sort of database. The instructor can access the database, perform queries to find out attendance and manipulate data in a variety of ways to help them with attendance. The stored data will be the username and the date and will automatically check the attendance key to record that you were checked in. We intend to use the SQL database and any language that has an API to communicate with an SQL database. In addition, there will be a website for the UI, and the program will be given to the instructor.

According to our vision, this program is mainly used to confirm the user's sign-in status. Simply put, it is to enable the user to log in, so the logic of the system is data and a database, so the system can be built. We are going to use Python to complete this project. The data we interact with is the data entered by the user, and the data we will store is the user data that exists in our database. We ensure the basic operation logic of our program by comparing the data in the database with the input data. The modules we interact with are reference pictures, data comparison, and storage.
