# team-LogLock
LogLock is a website application used for attendance tracking purposes. Imagine you are a teacher and want to take attendence of the entire classroom. Currently in the University of Cinciantti, you would have to setup a quiz or assignement every single time you want
to check the attendece of the class, this can get tedious. Our software LogLock makes it so that the teacher can run a website that the student can go to and put in their name and email in. This way, there is no need to go through the hassel of making a quiz or assigment just to take attendence.

The software architecture is a basic website application that the users put their username into the website that is shared by the instructor. The insturctor creates a key for the class, and when the students go the website login and put the key in, they will recieve a their score, it saves that information into a database. The instructor can access the database, perform query to find out attendence and manipulate data in variety of ways to help them with attendence. The data thats stored will be the username and the date and that will automatically check the attendence key such that it records that you were checked in. We intend to use SQLalchemy database paired with the flask module which is a very comaptible Web development framework, This will be the website and will be given to the instructor.

We work with user-entered data during interaction, which we then store as user data in our database. Our program's operational logic is maintained by cross-referencing input data with the data in the database.
